The fist type of data binding we’ll discuss
is that of 1-way binding.
One way binding is handled using either interpolation
or property binding.
When using interpolation, we pass our class
property into our template using the double
curly braces.
We’ve already explored this type of binding
in our application when we bound our pageTitle
property inside our template.
We defined a string called Dev Book Store
inside of our pageTitle property which then
appeared inside of our template.
We can also accomplish 1-way binding using
property binding.
When using property binding we use brackets
around the element we want to bind to.
Then we can define a property in our class
that will contain the data we want to use.
And we make sure to wrap the property element
inside of quotation marks.
In this example we’ve defined a class with
a property of bookImageUrl.
This matches a property that we’ve set up
within our component, which then points to
the location of an image file.
Now that we’ve seen examples of 1-way binding,
lets now use these inside of our application.